In this module, we will be talking about working in open source projects.
We'll talk about what is required to be successful and
give examples of long-lived successful projects.
We'll talk about various behaviors you should have,
you should figure out what itch it is you want to
scratch when you begin working on an open source project.
You should learn to work and play well with others,
leave your ego at the door,
don't take offense if somebody's a little bit nasty,
don't respond in kind and rely on
more senior members of the community to deal with people like that,
encourage diversity. You'll be working with people in
projects from all over the world and you have to respect their cultures, etc.
We will have a whole topic on Continuous Integration methods,
Continuous Integration, Delivery and Deployment,
methods which are in wide use today to enable
changes to rapidly propagate all the way to the end user,
sometimes within the day that changes are first proposed and work done.
Finally, we will talk about licensing issues.
We'll talk about the two main classes of licenses,
permissive licenses, such as BSD, and more restrictive licenses, such as the GPL.
We'll talk about the implications you have when you choose a particular license,
what should be important in your choice of a license,
and we'll have an exercise where you get to do some work on trying to figure that out.